Feat: allow updating of OB FW from Programmer app (#470)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

## 4.4.0 Unreleased

### Added

> -   J-Link devices OB FW can be automatically update when Erasing, Writing and
>     Reading a JLink Device.
> -   Button to Manually update OB Firmware of a device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   J-Link devices OB FW can now be automatically updated when erasing, writing, and
    reading.
-   Button to manually update the OB Firmware of a device.
```
